docs: move `make build` instruction from paragraph into list (#3193)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/contributing/tests.md

### Executing Test(s)

We use `make` to run commands.

> 1. First, build the container image: `make build`. You can then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `make build` to create or update the local `mailserver-testing:ci` Docker image (_using the projects `Dockerfile`_)
```

Author: ```
Run `make build` to create or update the local `mailserver-testing:ci` Docker image (_using the projects `Dockerfile`_)
```

doesn't say that the following commands depend on the first one. I think this might be better:

```
First, run `make build` to create or update the local `mailserver-testing:ci` Docker image (_using the projects `Dockerfile`_)
```
